actions:
git remote - view and create remotes
git remote add name_of_remote //(only 1, standard name origin) url_of_remote
git push name_of_remote branch_name (master)
vocab:
remote - remote repository, store location of repository you will want to send/receive to/from

When you push a branch, all commits associated with it (except for ones already on github) will be sent.

1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want to use a remote repository when working on a collaborative project or when working on a project for someone in order to be able to present my work to more than one person.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote
repository?
Sometimes there are changes that you're tweaking and working on that aren't quite ready to commit so it's better to deal
with when to push or pull changes yourself since Git won't know the difference.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks create a new repository in your own account that contain all previous commits from the person forked from, and includes
a reference to said person. A clone is when you copy the same repository from GitHub onto your local computer to edit and
add things. A branch is simply a local made change where you can tweak the original file and not have it disrupt the
current working files. If you see a great basis for a program or file and would like to simply add a couple of things or
edit it to make it your own while still keeping credit for the original, then it would be best to fork it. If you would like
to work on a program or file together with someone, then it would be best to clone it onto your local computer, work on it,
then commit changes to GitHub once again. If you would simply like to edit your own file/program without messing up the
current working program/file then it would be best to create a new branch.